Last week we were working
on Lesson Three.
Can you press the Enter key?
Can you check on your
Sown To Grow for me?
As a specialist,
I see 20 classes,
I teach 500 or so students.
It's a lot to keep track of.
I have a paperless classroom,
and I think
that's fairly important
in a one-to-one
digital environment,
really leveraging technology
for everything it can do
and using it to help kids
be organized,
for me to be organized,
to have accountability.
♪
iDoceo, it's like
my one-stop-shop.
I used to just have a bunch
of binders and papers,
and as you see, I've tried
to minimize a lot of that.
I just really wanted a way
to have everything in one place.
I like this one
'cause I see kids once a week.
So, I can easily toggle back
and see what did we do
last week.
And, you know,
the expectation for us
is to provide this personalized
learning experience
where we know each child
as an individual.
Even just learning
500 kids' names,
you know, it's super helpful
to like, be like,
your name and picture, and now
I have a name to the face.
So, I really felt like this tool
has helped me to do
a better job at that.
It has my schedule set up,
all the weeks of the year.
I have my lesson plans in there.
I have my grade book in there.
I can keep notes on students.
I can take anecdotal evidence,
like photos and video.
I like that you're using
the diary feature
as a way to store your lessons.
I hadn't thought of it that way,
that's a nice take on it.
I like the fact that
you have access
to your lesson plans,
your grade book,
and everything's in one place.
So, it seems like an easy way
to, you know,
have information on students
and keep yourself organized.
And then for the numeric grade,
I put just a simple
numeric grade
out of the total number
of puzzles.
And then it does
the calculations for me.
This is another thing
that is amazing.
What should we always do
when we're starting
a new lesson activity?
Um, you go to Sown To Grow
and set a goal.
Sown To Grow is a goal-setting
and reflection tool.
This is a student-facing tool.
It's not just teacher-facing.
It's teacher-facing
and student-facing.
Here they're actively involved
in their growth mindset process,
and it tracks it all and keeps
it in one place for them.
When you start new things,
you have to go on Sown To Grow
and it already says,
like, the thing you're doing.
And then you click that,
and then you just set your goal.
Everyone uses it
to either set goals
for a lesson you wanna do,
add score to--
like, from Google Classroom,
or reflect, like reflect
on a lesson you did.
The goal makes me feel
more confident in what I do.
When I reflect, you can see
what your strategies were
and then you can use
those strategies
on the ones you're stuck on.
The way I started, and what
I think really got them hooked
was talking about it
in a broader sense, you know,
about how we set goals for
anything we wanna accomplish.
I used examples that they could
connect to their real lives
like learning
to ride a bike or,
you know, learning to walk.
What we're really trying to do
here in school,
it's beyond learning
some technology skills.
We wanna teach them to think
and teach them to be
independent learners.
I tell them that I still ask
for help all the time
and that it really takes a team.
You know, no one makes it
on their own.
Love it, using collaboration
and communication.
I post everything that
we work on on Google Classroom.
So, I got my Google
Classroom app here.
Which also allows me to
differentiate, which is great.
So, I have different assignments
posted for different kids.
We will go over what objectives
they're gonna be learning
in the unit.
So, we do that together,
and we kinda talk it out,
and I ask if they have
any questions.
And they do a check-in.
How are they feeling?
And if they're not feeling good
I can check in with them
and find out why
they're not feeling good.
It affects learning.
Okay, great, use Set Goals.
For each lesson activity,
they set a goal
and it'll show up to them
as a color-coded scale,
and they can choose Get Close,
Meet, or Exceed.
And then they can write
a little bit
about how they might plan
to achieve that goal.
And there's also a link
to sample strategies,
so if they're not sure
what strategies to use
they can look at some examples
to get ideas.
And that is customizable,
so we've actually been building
our own strategies,
and kids have been contributing
and adding to that
strategy bank, which is great,
'cause I think it's really
giving them some ownership.
That's a good one,
I think I'm gonna add that
to the list of strategies.
In that sense,
we're like a learning community
and we're helping each other.
Can you give me a "yes"
in sign language?
All these kids are working on
different things.
I've asked them to let me know
and communicate with me
when they've completed
something, and I can come
and look at their screen
or I can look at my screen
and look at their progress,
and then I will grade it
and post their grades
on Google Classroom.
I like to do it with the kids,
because then they're there
and they can see
exactly what I'm doing.
And I'll also just toggle over
on my iPad
to the Classroom app,
the Google Classroom app,
type in their grade and send it
to them immediately.
So, I've told them verbally
and I've also recorded it
for them in a place
where they know to get it,
and then they'll take that grade
and they have to actually
type it themselves,
which really makes it
click for them.
And then they can go
and immediately log it,
reflect on it,
think about what strategies
they need to use or that they
did use that are successful.
And they can move on
to the next thing
or do a Fast Finisher activity.
I think there's definitely value
in tracking
what concepts and skills
you've mastered,
because that's really
what's gonna matter in life.
Not your 90 or not your 60.
I think it's training
their brain
to be in that cycle
of this goal-setting,
checking in and evaluating,
reflecting, using strategies,
making changes,
adjusting,
building their confidence.
It helps kid to know
what concepts and what skills
they're learning and where
they are in their continuum
towards mastery of those skills
and those concepts.
♪